whoa - the rebellious children who take
whoa - the rebellious children who take counsel but not of me
counsel but not of me
counsel but not of me and who devise plans but not of my
and who devise plans but not of my
and who devise plans but not of my spirit that they may add sin to sin who
spirit that they may add sin to sin who
spirit that they may add sin to sin who walk to go down to Egypt and have not
walk to go down to Egypt and have not
walk to go down to Egypt and have not asked my advice to strengthen themselves
asked my advice to strengthen themselves
asked my advice to strengthen themselves in the strength of Pharaoh and to trust
in the strength of Pharaoh and to trust
in the strength of Pharaoh and to trust in the shadow of Egypt therefore the
in the shadow of Egypt therefore the
in the shadow of Egypt therefore the strength of Pharaoh shall be your shame
strength of Pharaoh shall be your shame
strength of Pharaoh shall be your shame and trust in the shadow of Egypt shall
and trust in the shadow of Egypt shall
and trust in the shadow of Egypt shall be your humiliation for his princes were
be your humiliation for his princes were
be your humiliation for his princes were at zone and his ambassadors came to
at zone and his ambassadors came to
at zone and his ambassadors came to Haney's they were all ashamed of a
Haney's they were all ashamed of a
Haney's they were all ashamed of a people who could not benefit them or be
people who could not benefit them or be
people who could not benefit them or be helped or benefit but a shame and also a
helped or benefit but a shame and also a
helped or benefit but a shame and also a reproach the burden against the beasts
reproach the burden against the beasts
reproach the burden against the beasts of the south through a land of trouble
of the south through a land of trouble
of the south through a land of trouble and anguish from which came the lioness
and anguish from which came the lioness
and anguish from which came the lioness and lion the Viper and fiery flying
and lion the Viper and fiery flying
and lion the Viper and fiery flying serpent they will carry their riches on
serpent they will carry their riches on
serpent they will carry their riches on the backs of young donkeys and their
the backs of young donkeys and their
the backs of young donkeys and their treasures on the humps of camels to a
treasures on the humps of camels to a
treasures on the humps of camels to a people who shall not profit for the
people who shall not profit for the
people who shall not profit for the Egyptians shall help in vain and to no
Egyptians shall help in vain and to no
Egyptians shall help in vain and to no purpose therefore I have called her
purpose therefore I have called her
purpose therefore I have called her Rahab him she Beth now go write it
Rahab him she Beth now go write it
Rahab him she Beth now go write it before them on a tablet and note it on a
before them on a tablet and note it on a
before them on a tablet and note it on a scroll that it may be for time to come
scroll that it may be for time to come
scroll that it may be for time to come forever and ever that this is a
forever and ever that this is a
forever and ever that this is a rebellious people lying children
rebellious people lying children
rebellious people lying children children who will not hear the law of
children who will not hear the law of
children who will not hear the law of the Lord who say to the seers do not see
the Lord who say to the seers do not see
the Lord who say to the seers do not see and to the prophets do not prophesy to
and to the prophets do not prophesy to
and to the prophets do not prophesy to us right things speak to us smooth
us right things speak to us smooth
us right things speak to us smooth things prophesy deceits get out of the
things prophesy deceits get out of the
things prophesy deceits get out of the way turn aside from the path
way turn aside from the path
way turn aside from the path cause the Holy One of Israel to cease
cause the Holy One of Israel to cease
cause the Holy One of Israel to cease from before us therefore thus says the
from before us therefore thus says the
from before us therefore thus says the Holy One of Israel because you despise
Holy One of Israel because you despise
Holy One of Israel because you despise this world and trust in oppression and
this world and trust in oppression and
this world and trust in oppression and perversity and rely on them
perversity and rely on them
perversity and rely on them therefore this iniquity shall be to you
therefore this iniquity shall be to you
therefore this iniquity shall be to you like a breech ready to fall a bulge in a
like a breech ready to fall a bulge in a
like a breech ready to fall a bulge in a high wall whose braking comes suddenly
high wall whose braking comes suddenly
high wall whose braking comes suddenly in an instant and he shall break it like
in an instant and he shall break it like
in an instant and he shall break it like the breaking of the Potter's vessel
the breaking of the Potter's vessel
the breaking of the Potter's vessel which is broken in pieces he shall not
which is broken in pieces he shall not
which is broken in pieces he shall not spare so this shall not be found among
spare so this shall not be found among
spare so this shall not be found among its fragments Ishod to take fire from
its fragments Ishod to take fire from
its fragments Ishod to take fire from the hearth or to take water from the
the hearth or to take water from the
the hearth or to take water from the system for thus says the Lord God the
system for thus says the Lord God the
system for thus says the Lord God the Holy One of Israel in returning and rest
Holy One of Israel in returning and rest
Holy One of Israel in returning and rest you shall be saved
you shall be saved
you shall be saved in quietness and confidence shall be
in quietness and confidence shall be
in quietness and confidence shall be your strength but you would not and you
your strength but you would not and you
your strength but you would not and you said no for we will flee on horses but
said no for we will flee on horses but
said no for we will flee on horses but therefore you shall flee and we will
therefore you shall flee and we will
therefore you shall flee and we will ride on Swift horses therefore those who
ride on Swift horses therefore those who
ride on Swift horses therefore those who pursue you shall be Swift
pursue you shall be Swift
pursue you shall be Swift 1,000 shall flee at the threat of one at
1,000 shall flee at the threat of one at
1,000 shall flee at the threat of one at the threat of five you shall flee till
the threat of five you shall flee till
the threat of five you shall flee till you are left as a pole on top of a
you are left as a pole on top of a
you are left as a pole on top of a mountain and as a banner on a hill
mountain and as a banner on a hill
mountain and as a banner on a hill therefore the Lord will wait that he may
therefore the Lord will wait that he may
therefore the Lord will wait that he may be gracious to you and therefore he will
be gracious to you and therefore he will
be gracious to you and therefore he will be exalted that he may have mercy on you
be exalted that he may have mercy on you
be exalted that he may have mercy on you for the Lord is a God of justice blessed
for the Lord is a God of justice blessed
for the Lord is a God of justice blessed are all those who wait for him for the
are all those who wait for him for the
are all those who wait for him for the people shall dwell in Zion at Jerusalem
people shall dwell in Zion at Jerusalem
people shall dwell in Zion at Jerusalem you shall weep no more he will be very
you shall weep no more he will be very
you shall weep no more he will be very gracious to you at the sound of your cry
gracious to you at the sound of your cry
gracious to you at the sound of your cry when he hears it he will answer you and
when he hears it he will answer you and
when he hears it he will answer you and though the Lord gives you the bread of
though the Lord gives you the bread of
though the Lord gives you the bread of adversity and the water of affliction
adversity and the water of affliction
adversity and the water of affliction yet your teachers will not be moved into
yet your teachers will not be moved into
yet your teachers will not be moved into a corner anymore
a corner anymore
a corner anymore but your eyes shall see your teachers
but your eyes shall see your teachers
but your eyes shall see your teachers your ears shall hear a word behind you
your ears shall hear a word behind you
your ears shall hear a word behind you saying this is the way walk in it
saying this is the way walk in it
saying this is the way walk in it whenever you turn to the right hand or
whenever you turn to the right hand or
whenever you turn to the right hand or whenever you turn to the left
whenever you turn to the left
whenever you turn to the left you will also defile the covering of
you will also defile the covering of
you will also defile the covering of your images of silver and the ornament
your images of silver and the ornament
your images of silver and the ornament of your molded the images of gold you
of your molded the images of gold you
of your molded the images of gold you will throw them away as an unclean thing
will throw them away as an unclean thing
will throw them away as an unclean thing you will say to them get away then he
you will say to them get away then he
you will say to them get away then he will give the rain for your seed with
will give the rain for your seed with
will give the rain for your seed with which you sow the ground and bread of
which you sow the ground and bread of
which you sow the ground and bread of the increase of the earth it will be fat
the increase of the earth it will be fat
the increase of the earth it will be fat and plentiful in that day your cattle
and plentiful in that day your cattle
and plentiful in that day your cattle will feed in large pastures likewise the
will feed in large pastures likewise the
will feed in large pastures likewise the oxen and the young donkeys that work the
oxen and the young donkeys that work the
oxen and the young donkeys that work the ground will eat cured fodder which has
ground will eat cured fodder which has
ground will eat cured fodder which has been winnowed with the shovel and fan
been winnowed with the shovel and fan
been winnowed with the shovel and fan there will be on every high mountain and
there will be on every high mountain and
there will be on every high mountain and on every high hill rivers and streams of
on every high hill rivers and streams of
on every high hill rivers and streams of waters in the day of the great slaughter
waters in the day of the great slaughter
waters in the day of the great slaughter when the towers fall moreover the light
when the towers fall moreover the light
when the towers fall moreover the light of the moon will be as the light of the
of the moon will be as the light of the
of the moon will be as the light of the Sun and the light of the Sun will be
Sun and the light of the Sun will be
Sun and the light of the Sun will be Sevenfold
Sevenfold
Sevenfold as the light of seven days in the day
as the light of seven days in the day
as the light of seven days in the day that the Lord binds up the bruise of his
that the Lord binds up the bruise of his
that the Lord binds up the bruise of his people and heals the stroke of their
people and heals the stroke of their
people and heals the stroke of their wound
wound
wound behold the name of the Lord comes from
behold the name of the Lord comes from
behold the name of the Lord comes from afar burning with his anger and his
afar burning with his anger and his
afar burning with his anger and his burden is heavy his lips are full of
burden is heavy his lips are full of
burden is heavy his lips are full of indignation and his tongue like a
indignation and his tongue like a
indignation and his tongue like a devouring fire his breath is like an
devouring fire his breath is like an
devouring fire his breath is like an overflowing stream which reaches up to
overflowing stream which reaches up to
overflowing stream which reaches up to the neck to sift the nations with the
the neck to sift the nations with the
the neck to sift the nations with the sieve of futility and there shall be a
sieve of futility and there shall be a
sieve of futility and there shall be a bridle in the jaws of the people causing
bridle in the jaws of the people causing
bridle in the jaws of the people causing them to err you shall have a song as in
them to err you shall have a song as in
them to err you shall have a song as in the night when a holy festival is kept
the night when a holy festival is kept
the night when a holy festival is kept and gladness of heart as when one goes
and gladness of heart as when one goes
and gladness of heart as when one goes with a flute to come into the mountain
with a flute to come into the mountain
with a flute to come into the mountain of the Lord to the Mighty One of Israel
of the Lord to the Mighty One of Israel
of the Lord to the Mighty One of Israel the Lord will cause his glorious voice
the Lord will cause his glorious voice
the Lord will cause his glorious voice to be heard and showed the descent of
to be heard and showed the descent of
to be heard and showed the descent of his arm with the indignation of his
his arm with the indignation of his
his arm with the indignation of his anger and the flame of a devouring fire
anger and the flame of a devouring fire
anger and the flame of a devouring fire with scattering Tempest and hailstones
with scattering Tempest and hailstones
with scattering Tempest and hailstones for through the voice of the lord
for through the voice of the lord
for through the voice of the lord assyria will be beaten down as he
assyria will be beaten down as he
assyria will be beaten down as he strikes with the rod and in every place
strikes with the rod and in every place
strikes with the rod and in every place where the staff of punishment passes
where the staff of punishment passes
where the staff of punishment passes which the Lord lays on him it will be
which the Lord lays on him it will be
which the Lord lays on him it will be with tambourines and harps and in
with tambourines and harps and in
with tambourines and harps and in battles of brandishing he will fight
battles of brandishing he will fight
battles of brandishing he will fight with it
with it
with it for toph 'it was established of old yes
for toph 'it was established of old yes
for toph 'it was established of old yes for the king it is prepared he has made
for the king it is prepared he has made
for the king it is prepared he has made it deep and large its pyre is fire with
it deep and large its pyre is fire with
it deep and large its pyre is fire with much wood the breath of the Lord like a
much wood the breath of the Lord like a
much wood the breath of the Lord like a stream of brimstone Kindles it
stream of brimstone Kindles it
stream of brimstone Kindles it you